Watashi no mura

Watashi wa mura no Karura ni sunde imasu. Maharashutora-shu no jaruna no chikaku ni aru chiisana muradesu. 
Kigi ni kakoma rete imasu. Watashi no mura ni wa yaku sen-ri ga sunde imasu. 
Watashitachi no mura ni wa chiisana kawa ga nagarete imasu. Watashi no mura ni wa ookina jiin ga arimasu. 
Watashi no mura ni wa gakkoo to chiisana byooin ga arimasu. Hitobito wa noogyoo o shite imasu. 
Karera wa subete no matsuri o issho ni iwaimasu.

Sore wa ejiyo desu

my village

I live in village karla. It is a small village situated near jalna in maharashtra. 
It is surrounded by trees. There are about thousand people live in my village. 
A small river flows by our village. 
There is a big temple in my village.There is a school and a small hospital in my village. 
The people are doing farming. They celebrate all festivals together.


Diwari wa Indo saidai no matsuri no hitotsudesu. Sore wa hikari no saitendeari, subete no indohito wa sore o yorokobi de iwaimasu. Tadashii iikata o sureba, koreha kurayami ni taisuru hikari no shoori o kyoochoo suru matsuridesu. 10 Tsuki kara 11 tsuki ni kakete kaisai sa reru hinzuu kyo no omatsuridesu. Sore wa tokuni megami rakushumi ni kanren shite ori, wagakuni no kaikei nendo no hajimari o shimeshite imasu. Okashi ya purezento ga kookan sa re, kodomo-tachi ga kurakkaa o yaburi, takusan no ryori ga yoi sa re, hitobito ga atarashii fuku o kite, kazoku zen'in ga atsumatte kono Ni~Tsu o mitomemasu. Watashi no ikende wa, soreha hindo~? kyo no shukyo de mottomo tanoshiku, utsukushiku, shinseina matsuri no hitotsudesu.



Diwali is one of IndiaÅfs biggest festivals. It is a festival of lights, and every Indian celebrates it with joy. In the right terms, this is the festival which emphasizes the victory of light over darkness.

It is a Hindu festival, held in the period October to November. It is particularly associated with Goddess Lakshmi and marks the beginning of the financial year in our country. 
Sweets and gifts are exchanged, children burst crackers, a lot of delicacies are prepared, people wear new clothes, and all the family members come together to acknowledge this day. 
In my opinion, it is one of the most enjoyable, beautiful and sacred festivals in the Hindu religion.